# Kafka Spring Boot Example with State Store

## How to run

```bash
./gradlew bootRun
```

The result is shown in terminal as below:
```bash
received = 17 with key so
received = 25 with key go
received = 25 with key thorin
received = 25 with key gandalf
received = 25 with key what
received = 25 with key brought
received = 25 with key behind
received = 50 with key he
received = 28 with key near
received = 12 with key road
received = 25 with key for
received = 53 with key dragon
received = 34 with key find
received = 42 with key look
received = 17 with key always
received = 17 with key quite
received = 17 with key were
received = 55 with key never
received = 30 with key fall
received = 262 with key you
received = 27 with key this
```

## How to check result

Go to http://localhost:8090/count/this, and also `27` will be shown.
